---
layout: post
title:  "Proofs over encrypted data"
categories: jekyll update
usemathjax: true
---

**DiStefano** can be used to provide statements in zero knowledge about encrypted data transmitted during a TLS~1.3 session. Specically, it can provide proofs that an specific substring appears on said data which, in turn means, that the confidentiality of the data remains and only what is needed is revealed.

### Revealing a substring

We briefly discuss how **DiStefano** can be used to implement two specific optimisations presented by DECO: "Selective Opening", which allows $C$ to reveal that a certain substring is present in a plaintext $M$, and "Selective Redacting", which allows $C$ to reveal the entirety of $M$ other than some selection of omitted substrings.

Using our AES-GCM protocol, both approaches are easily achievable. Suppose that $Client$ is committing to some set of ciphertexts $C_{1}, \ldots, C_{n}$ for the purpose of proving a statement. Since $Client$ is required to commit to their additive shares of the decryption keys $k_{i}^{p}$ before learning $V$'s key shares, selectively opening $C_{i}$ simply requires revealing $k_{i}^{p}$ to $V$. Similarly, $Client$ can selectively reveal any combination of ciphertexts by simply revealing those individual keys. In practice, revealing each block is rather cheap, requiring only 128-bits of bandwidth. In addition, this scheme can be adapted to deal with substrings inside a single block $C$: rather than revealing $k_{i}^{p}$ directly, $Client$ and $V$ instead decrypt $C$ in a garbled circuit with the output masked by a mask $\rho$ that is chosen by $Client$. We remark that this approach is somewhat fragile: for any soundness to hold, we would also require that $Client$ is only allowed to modify certain portions of the output plaintext. We view this difficulty as orthogonal to this work: this would require more extensive zero-knowledge proofs.
